Aid in msvc building (#659)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/get-started/building-from-source.rst

  * ``SYCL``: Intel GPUs
    
  Example: ``-DKokkos_ENABLE_CUDA=ON``

>   Note that ``-DKokkos_ENABLE_COMPILE_AS_CMAKE_LANGUAGE=ON`` is required when building with cuda and MSVC/CL

Reviewer: The compiler command that is used by MSVC, see https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/reference/compiler-command-line-syntax?view=msvc-170.

>   Note that ``-DKokkos_ENABLE_COMPILE_AS_CMAKE_LANGUAGE=ON`` is required when building with cuda and MSVC/CL

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Note that ``-DKokkos_ENABLE_COMPILE_AS_CMAKE_LANGUAGE=ON`` is required when building with CUDA on Windows.
```

Author: I was under the impression that gcc on Windows would work, I haven't tried it so will revert back to your wisdom in this case.

Reviewer 2: I don;t have access to Windows nor am familiar with their development environment but it is not clear to me that the nvcc_wrapper script would work on Windows and you definitely can't just use g++ w/o either cvcc_wrapper or the cmake as language option

Author: So windows can't run shell scripts so nvcc_wrapper won't work, it uses batch, a different programming language for command line scripts.

You can use `g++` on windows but most people don't, the more common choice is clang because it can be downloaded in visual studio as an optional compiler. 

If you are using MSVC you are on windows, it isn't supported on Linux.

>   Note that ``-DKokkos_ENABLE_COMPILE_AS_CMAKE_LANGUAGE=ON`` is required when building with cuda and MSVC/CL

Reviewer 2: I had not seen your comments.  Do you approve my changes?
